-- 28th Malachite 181 Mid-Summer

Migrants have arrived. If my history is to mean anything in this world I must
 distinguish myself from these wimps. I am Sazir.



Manifest:

Adil Akrullisat, pesant to be miner
Erush Libadkulet, pesant to be carpenter
Sazir Fathishis, leader, hammerdwarf
Udib Tekkudthad, sheriff
Olon Umarsazir, Hammerdwarf
Minkot Takùthvucar, Hammerdwarf
Eshtân Bukètèzum, Ranger

Low food, embark. Expects all to forage. Little to no farming.
Military Focus, Flexible trio of Super serfs. What to do with migrants?
Goals, slaughter, capture, slaugter capture. This is your bloody military
 survival training camp, we're training soldiers not making sunbeam wine.
No anvil, Damn them. We have the Iron but without an anvil you cannot make
 an anvil. That makes no sense.


Kogsak Kblolok, Weaver - conscript, depending on disposition...
 Brilliant good possible troop. Too bad she's a little unstable, overthrown
 by the stresses of day-to-day living.


Ognet Oltarbisek, Stonecrafter- good that will help with relief.
 also a miner. brought his own pick I think.

Zuglar Rakustokun, Glassmaker -conscript, disposition pending.

Datan  Sedilber Miner, own pick!

Atir Ostumat, Fish cleaner

Ah! merchants with the anvils!

16th Sandstone 181, Mid-Autumn

We are smelting away, but progress is slow, our military of 3 hammerdwarves, a wrestler, and a Marksdwarf took out a part of
 badger humanoids.


new migrants 

Lokum Ardesvabôk, Mason
Avuz Momuzíth, Farmer
Kikrost Ifinkûbuk, Animal Trainer, Conscripted.
Aban Dakostuthmik, Mechanic
Fath Lisattekkud, Dwarven Baby
Alåth Sealfaithful, Engraver
Llkot Nomaltâmer, Woodcrafter
Mebzuth Oddomlål, Weaver
Tun Cerolsigun, Miner

new arrivals
Cerol Bûnemnish, Woodcutter
Lorbam Amosttunom, Stoneworker
Mistêm ZImlòr, Amnimal Dissector
Domas Amostotad, Armorer
åblelgébar, Beekeeper
Solon Melbinidash, Brewer
Rîgoth Zulbantagùz, Planter
Zaneg ILranlonokim, presser
Zon Olilkadol, Tanner
Ast Sazirmöl, Siege Engineer
Rith Letmosabod, ADministrator
Kib Lazfikod, Trader
Logem Rithûz, Trader
Cilob Rovodegdoth, Trader
Cog Fikodsanreb, Pesant
Zulgar Mörtholest, Peasant
Olon Koderib, Peasant
Kadol Astesar, Pesant



Were Heyena's, starting with Eshtân, now Lin Bugiad, both dead.
Tekkud Matrakust is dead.

The recent outbreak of Hyena-thropy has taken a small toll, but our militia reacted well,
 despite loosing one of it's own. Our founding member Eshtân Bukètèzum, Ranger. I have abandoned
 my other duties in favor of working as cheif medical dwaft, I plan to oversee soap production, and
 the full stocking of our hospital. 

---

2nd Limestone, 183 Early Autumn.

I have radically reshaped the jobs queue. No repeating jobs except for smelting
 and charcoal production. Reapeating jobs for farm and crafts related jobs,
 furniture as needed. It has given me time to "Suggest" to the mayor and
 captain of the gaurd that we needed to overhall our military schedule, and
 assign uniforms more comprehensively. Now the archers will have off days to
 hunt.

Personal note. Never in my years have I heard of a fortress that holds both
 goblins and elves in the same fortress, let alone on the same squad. They 
 will not hunt, so they can train non-stop.
