this is the fourth northern embark.

We have chosen to modify the mini-fort miner embark. Two generalized Mechanic-Farmer-Mason-Carpenter, Admin-Medic-Recordkeeper-Manager-Miner, Smith-Miner for the added anvil,
 3 Miners.

We have arrived in Ropegifts, Godenegen. 
The ground is covered in snow. We have a horse and water buffalo that hauled our Wagon. We must pen them, and build the wall, ere something dangerous approaches. The miners go
 for their picks, I must set the labors straight away, they should begin excavating. Starting with ramps instead of stairs will save some hatches. I'd like two stairs though.

Now two stairs on the east and west to be hatched. Two ramps on the north and south to be used for traffic and miner acces until we can construct floor above them. Disable
 the miners building walls. DAMN! Here comes the mists!


Thank blazes the wind was headed the other direciton. We almost lost it.

6th Slate. The walls are nearly finish, and so are the first rooms, we've doubled up bedrooms as was done in the past, keeping them close to their workshops. Hoping to find
 stone soon. I'm not sure if my diging was too grand to start with but I think the miners will go down soon.

I am Mebzuth Avuzbäsen, I am the expedition leader. but I am only 64. Zefon is going off of mining for now, to help with building the doors, and starting all the menial,
 labor of accounting, and such. I am busy growing crops but as soon as I finish planting the helmet spawn I will begin with mechanisms. change only farmers to harvest.

The miners have finished the first stone floor, -4 z down. We have opened the Quiet Sugar, our new but small tavern, Zefon is insisting he needs to sit down somewhere.
 I cave-in but said the count better be accurate.

That's enough socializing for the miner, back to building walls and floors for them. We're almost done with the floors, but our diligent mason Thob needed some sleep, and I
 I should build another mason workshop closer to the stone.

We found copper!
 
20 felsite late spring, 180.

We managed to complete plans on the roof. If we can bulid it before the next mist it will put us all at ease. Praise the miners a cavern! It's deep, and full of hematite, No sign
 of any fungus however. Perhaps we missed a layer.
 
Two cage traps are ready. I'm putting some on the cavern floor entrance.
 Blast migrants have arrived and there is are no beds.

Mebzuth Asënkageth, Zefon Nishison, Minkot Kedtun, Kadôl Vumomkivish, Rovod Nishmogshum, Thob Mörularros, ad Myself, Mebzuth Avuzbâsen.

Our new arivals are Domas Teskomendok leatherwkr, ùshrir Bekarkadol a Gemcutter, Zefon Megidèrith a new Miner (better make more picks)

Zefon Megidèrith comes form the third embark at Valleybridge! She is injured. We need water as soon as we can. All three of these dwarves were members of the spry

I have been exploring this damned fungiless cavern and all I have found are cave spiders and creepy crawlers. It is an ecosystem of gross and grosser. I am returning to the
 surface after conscripting myself into the military. I'm on my way to eat, and have heard that 

Rovod has discovered the cavert with, praise the miners, tunnel trees. These have the best yeild of any subterranian treefungus.


Raw adamantine! We must train our weaponmiths.


Crundles! a caravan has arrived and we have no goods.

Kikrost Kûbuklâven is here from the mountainhomes.

I'm requesting a variety and range of wood, backpacks, sandstone blocks, bags. Nothing fancy. Oh, and dogs to train them to kill any vermin around the caverns.

23rd Limestone, 180 early Autumn. Pop: 10


A gelder and Farmer, Kogan Zonevost, and Rigòth Athelsanád respectively.

Rather than slaughter them, we have chosen to sell the elk birds and drathla we have captive

Mafol is an obnoxious git. He wouldn't take much time to get impatient. We had perfecly healthy Elk bird.
